nasa last minute news attention
just confirmed the three days of
darkness that will be on our planet
this December 21 what does it mean
that the sun will disappear by art
of magic for three days thanks to
famous photon belt that I do not know what
shit is so if they want more
information for that is the whore
wikipedia we recommend that you fire in
as much as they can since probably
we can not leave our homes these
three days because there will be many thieves
through the streets and it will be total chaos what
that will lead to the feared end of the world in
a zombie apocalypse we also know
that when the gannam video up
reaches one billion
reproductions on youtube will be the
beginning of the end thanks to a prophecy
of nostradamus if they do not know what they
I speak go fuck yourself xd ok no better
research this information on the internet
is checked by the nasa according to
our extremely reliable sources of
facebookers and youtube informants
they never lie and the damn
little chains of crap by the way
share this video on your facebook you
you will save yourself from dying slowly and painfully
this December 21 xd
well that's all the shit information
It can not be me not to endure three days
without light three days without leaving three days to
dark three days without failing three days
without internet nooo
or three days without porn I need
Prepare for the happy end of the world
I'll go buy many weapons just in case
the aliens arrive that day I will call
the colleagues so they are also
ready shit but if it is almost 21
December is only a few days away
hurry up
I need you to come urgently to grove
street hurry fucking mother how fast
you arrived
cj can you know what the fuck
You sent for me, I was about to
Flirt me a mommy and it's your fault
I was hoping it's important if it's
important I just found out about the
news that the fucking world is going to
finish on December 21 and they're going to
have 3 days of darkness we have to
prepare to fight the apocalypse
zombie and the aliens
We need to go buy many weapons
also many porn magazines since no
We will have internet for three days or
that means we will not have
christmas whore mother besides that
waste half life going the whore
school so now that I plan to spend
to the maximum my other half whore life is
come to finish the world I am of
good fucking mother that happens to me for wanting
study and do things well is
true but we will prevent the
aliens take over and destroy the world
I am the invincible cj and I will save the
that's why we're going to go for the whores
weapons to be prepared this 21 of
December
wa to what time is it is nine o'clock
tomorrow but if it is already December 21 and
this day absolutely nothing has happened
everything is normal nothing is dark everything
It was a lie but what a fool I was
believe me those bullshit ha ha ha ha what
silly life follows xd
fucking mother
how scary that light will have been
and that horrible noise that came from
outside something just happened I have to
go out and see
there is no light the TV is off and I the
had left on the light was gone that
it's happening shit
my god is the apocalypse everything is
the sun has gone dark then it is
true this world is running out
shit
was
soon the aliens will come to kill us
shit where I left my weapons I have to
be ready that is that low are the
aliens that come to destroy the planet
I have to finish them or else the world
will come to an end
fucking mother are destroying all the
living beings and they do not die are immortal
I have to do something to stop them
before they destroy all the
humanity and take over our
planet but what do I do shit will not die
with shots
I have to think but I can not think
nothing
I know I 'll leave in this crap of
flying saucer fucking to go to his
planet and destroy them before the
others come to earth and finish
destroy us all yes what a good idea
but I have to be quick these children of
bitch have already killed a lot of people and they
will take to end the world yes what
it feels good to pilot this shit ship
but I do not know how to handle it xd I'm going to
crash will fall
I can not control it well I think that
I'm learning to master this
flying saucer yes and how are you supposed to
I will reach that planet if I do not even know
where is my car destination xxx if it has
autopilot that is coming now only
I have to relax and straw
while he arrived on the planet xdddd
fucking shit I'm on another planet over there
you see the earth how beautiful the
from here but how strange is this
planet is very desert, no trace is seen
of water but nevertheless there are plants and
they have roads the fucking aliens we
they copied the idea I think we have been
always watching everything
what we did when we slept cagamos
We fucked everything they saw from here
I will take revenge on them by destroying their fucking
planet
I will kill them all before they
go to earth these fucking aliens
they did not have the invincible cj now
I will give all of them my ass
to beat them with all my weapons in addition
that I found weapons in the saucer that
they will destroy them and so I can kill them
all take shot take shot take this bullet
in the ass coward aliens
shit ha ha ha ha ha but how easy is it
beat them yes yes yes yes yes take take take
assholes I will save the world so I can
keep fucking killing while playing and
enjoying life while having internet
and kicking me watching porn movies in the
px I do not intend to die because of some
fucking cowardly aliens cowards
toma toma toma also conquer this
planet and I will be the fucking master so that
all kneel before me yesiii xdddd
yesiii I saved the world now I have
to return to earth to warn the
world that I have finished with all
aliens and that I have saved humanity
of the end they have to give me a lot
money for saving the world like this
that I will be rich yes yes yes yes yes
fucking shit that was not
or an asteroid fell on the earth and the
destroyed shit
to all human existence has been
finished I am alone in the universe and in
this unknown planet anyway
the world if it was going to end on the 21st
December and now what do I think that what
It will be better to kill myself , I will not be able to fuck
in the brothels where I would watch videos
Internet porn and videos of laughter in
youtube everything is over and I do not have
more nothing to do in this universe of
good shit I think I'll enjoy this
planet as much as I can and then I
I will commit suicide when I get bored xd